play plugin: $playlist marker for precise control where the playlist … (#4728)
beetbox/beets: docs/plugins/play.rst

indicates that you need to insert extra arguments before specifying the
playlist.

> The above example, however, does not work with current ``mpv`` because the
> ``--playlist`` argument wants a different syntax. To satisfy this, the optional
> ``$playlist`` can be used to meet that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some players (for example ``mpv``) require a different syntax for ``--playlist``.
In that case, use the optional ``$playlist`` variable:
```

Let's try not to focus on mpv _only_ in the docs, but it is definitely worth mentioning that especially with this player it is required.
